Add docs for global memory control (#10908)
pingcap/docs: configure-memory-usage.md

## Configure the memory usage threshold of a tidb-server instance

You can set the memory usage threshold of a tidb-server instance by configuring the system variable [`tidb_server_memory_limit`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit-new-in-v640).

The following example sets the total memory usage of a tidb-server instance to 32 GB:

{{< copyable "" >}}

```sql
SET GLOBAL tidb_server_memory_limit = "32GB";
```

> After setting this variable, when the memory usage of a tidb-server instance reaches 32 GB, TiDB will terminate the SQL operation with the largest memory usage out of all running SQL operations, until the memory usage of the instance drops below 32 GB. The forcibly terminated SQL operation will return the `Out Of Memory Quota!` error to the client.

Author: ```suggestion
After setting this variable, when the memory usage of a tidb-server instance reaches 32 GB, TiDB will terminate the SQL operation with the largest memory usage among all running SQL operations in order, until the memory usage of the instance drops below 32 GB. The forcibly terminated SQL operation will return the `Out Of Memory Quota!` error to the client.
```

Currently, the memory limit set by `tidb_server_memory_limit` **DOES NOT** terminate the following SQL operations:

- DDL operations
- INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE operations
- SQL operations that contain window functions and common table expressions

> **Warning:**
>

> > + During the startup process, TiDB does not guarantee that the `tidb_server_memory_limit` limit is enforced. If the idle memory of the operating system is insufficient, TiDB might still encounter OOM. You need to ensure that the TiDB instance has enough available memory.

Author: ```suggestion
> + During the startup process, TiDB does not guarantee that the [`tidb_server_memory_limit`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit-new-in-v640) limit is enforced. If the free memory of the operating system is insufficient, TiDB might still encounter OOM. You need to ensure that the TiDB instance has enough available memory.
```

> > + In the process of memory control, the total memory usage of TiDB might slightly exceed the limit set by [`tidb_server_memory_limit`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit-new-in-v640).

Author: ```suggestion
> + In the process of memory control, the total memory usage of TiDB might slightly exceed the limit set by `tidb_server_memory_limit`.
```

> > + Since v6.4.0, the `server-memory-quota` configuration item is deprecated. To ensure compatibility, in v6.4.0 or clusters of later versions, `server-memory-quota` overrides `tidb_server_memory_limit` in a single instance. If `server-memory-quota` is not configured in the cluster before the cluster is upgraded to v6.4.0 or later, the memory usage limit of the tidb-server instance will be set by `tidb_server_memory_limit`.

Author: ```suggestion
> + Since v6.4.0, the `server-memory-quota` configuration item is deprecated. To ensure compatibility, after upgrading to v6.4.0 or a later version, `tidb_server_memory_limit` will inherit the value of the configuration item `server-memory-quota`. If `server-memory-quota` is not configured in the cluster before the cluster is upgraded to v6.4.0 or later, the memory usage limit of the tidb-server instance will be set by `tidb_server_memory_limit`.
```
